Get the latest resources and news about the NVIDIA technologies that are accelerating the latest innovations in HPC from industry leaders and developers. Explore sessions and demos across a variety of HPC topics, ranging from weather forecasting and energy exploration to computational chemistry and molecular dynamics.The developer resources listed below are exclusively available to NVIDIA Developer Program members. Join today for free in order to get access to the tools and training necessary to build on NVIDIA’s technology platform here.  On-Demand SessionsHow GPU Computing WorksSpeaker: Stephen Jones, CUDA Architect, NVIDIAGet an introduction to GPU computing by the lead architect of CUDA. We’ll walk through the internals of how the GPU works and why CUDA is the way that it is, and connect the dots between physical hardware and parallel computing.A Deep Dive into the Latest HPC SoftwareSpeaker: Tim Costa, NVIDIATake a deep dive into the latest developments in NVIDIA software for HPC applications, including a comprehensive look at what’s new in programming models, compilers, libraries, and tools. We’ll cover topics of interest to HPC developers, targeting traditional HPC modeling and simulation, HPC+AI, scientific visualization, and high-performance data analytics.Introducing Developer Tools for Arm and NVIDIA SystemsSpeaker: David Owens, Product Director, Infrastructure Software, ArmExplore the role of key tools and toolchains on Arm servers, from Arm, NVIDIA, and elsewhere — and show how each tool fits in the end-to-end journey to production science and simulation. SDKAccelerate Quantum Information Science with NVIDIA cuQuantum SDKNVIDIA cuQuantum is an SDK of optimized libraries and tools for accelerating quantum computing workflows. Learn more about how NVIDIA cuQuantum speeds up quantum circuit simulations by orders of magnitude.  BlogNVIDIA Arm HPC Developer Kit for HPC, AI, and Scientific Computing ApplicationsThe NVIDIA Arm HPC Developer Kit is an integrated hardware and software platform for creating, evaluating, and benchmarking HPC, AI, and scientific computing applications on a GPU- and CPU-accelerated computing system.NVIDIA Nsight Visual Studio Code Edition: New Addition to the Nsight Developer Tools SuiteRead about Nsight Visual Studio Code Edition, an application for platforms that bring CUDA development for GPUs into Microsoft Visual Studio Code, including building and debugging GPU kernels and native CPU code. Click here to view all of the HPC sessions and demos on NVIDIA On-Demand. 