Our weekly roundup covers the most recent software updates, learning resources, events, and notable news. This week we have several software releases.Software releases The NVIDIA HPC SDK is a comprehensive suite of compilers, libraries, and tools for developing accelerated HPC applications. With a breadth of flexible support options, users can create applications with a programming model most relevant to their situation. The HPC SDK offers a variety of programming models including performance-optimized drop-in libraries, standard languages, directives-based methods, and specialization provided by CUDA. Many of the latest enhancements have been in the area of standard language support for ISO C++, ISO Fortran, and Python. The NVIDIA HPC compilers use recent advances in the public specifications for these languages, delivering a productive programming environment that is both portable and performant for scaling on GPU accelerated platforms. Visit our site to download the new HPC SDK version 22.3 and read our new post on parallel programming with standard languages under our “Resources” section.Get started: NVIDIA HPC SDK 22.3     cuQuantum – An SDK for accelerating quantum circuit simulationNVIDIA cuQuantum is an SDK of optimized libraries and tools for accelerating quantum computing workflows. Developers can use cuQuantum while creating and verifying new algorithms more easily and reliably. Speeding up quantum circuit simulations by orders of magnitude, for both state vector and tensor network methods helps developers simulate bigger problems, faster.  Expanding ecosystem integrations and collaborationscuQuantum is now integrated as a backend in popular industry simulators. It is also offered as a part of quantum application development platforms, and is used to power quantum research at scale in areas from chemistry to climate modeling.SDK available with new appliance beta The cuQuantum SDK is now GA and free to download. NVIDIA has also packaged up an optimized Beta software container, the cuQuantum DGX appliance, available from the NGC Catalog. Learn more: cuQuantum SDK Nsight Graphics is a performance analysis tool designed to visualize, analyze, and optimize programming models. It also tunes to scale efficiently across any quantity or size of CPUs and GPUs—from workstations to supercomputers.The latest features in Nsight Graphics 2022.2 include:Download now: Nsight Graphics 2022.2Nsight Systems is a triage and performance analysis tool designed to track GPU workloads to their CPU origins within a system-wide view. The features help you analyze your applications’ GPU utilization, graphic and compute API activity, and OS runtime operations. This helps optimize your application to perform and scale efficiently across any quantity or size of CPUs and GPUs—from workstations to supercomputers.What’s new:Download now: Nsight Systems 2022.2NVIDIA Nsight Deep Learning Designer is an integrated development environment that helps developers efficiently design and deploy high performance deep neural networks for in-app inference.Features include:Download NowThis CUDA Toolkit release focuses on enhancing the programming model and performance of CUDA applications. CUDA 11.6 ships with the R510 driver, an update branch. CUDA Toolkit 11.6, Update 1, is available to download.What’s new:Learn more: CUDA Toolkit 11.6, Update 1                            NVIDIA cuNumeric is a Legate library that aspires to provide a drop-in replacement for the NumPy API on top of the Legion runtime. This brings distributed and accelerated computing on the NVIDIA platform to the Python community.What’s new:Learn more: cuNumericWarp is a Python framework that gives coders an easy way to write GPU-accelerated, kernel-based programs in NVIDIA Omniverse and OmniGraph. With Warp, Omniverse developers can create GPU-accelerated, 3D simulation workflows and fantastic virtual worlds!What’s new:Learn more: Warp