As CUDA Educator at NVIDIA, I work to give access to massively parallel programming education & training to everyone, whether or not they have access to GPUs in their own machines. This is why, in partnership with qwikLABS, NVIDIA has made the hands-on content we use to train thousands of developers at the Supercomputing Conference and the GPU Technology Conference online and accessible from anywhere with an internet connection. Using any supported browser, you can easily get started learning how to program for massively parallel GPUs at nvidia.qwiklab.com.Using the powerful IPython Notebook technology, NVIDIA hands-on labs are immersive, self-paced experiences that run on real GPUs in the cloud.  Lab instructions, editing and execution of code, and even interaction with visual tools are all weaved together into a single web application.Don’t let the name “IPython” fool you: we offer labs in a variety of languages, including C/C++, Fortran and Python, covering a range of topics includingAnd we have more great labs coming soon including MATLAB, Machine Learning, and Image Processing. You can follow @cudahamster on Twitter for updates and new labs.Want to give it a try? Head over to nvidia.qwiklab.com and try one of our free hands-on labs.  All you need is to verify that your browser is supported by visiting websocketstest.com and making sure the “WebSockets (Port 80)” section has 4 green check marks.Are you going to SC14 in New Orleans?  Stop by the NVIDIA booth (#1727) and try out a self-paced lab in person in our “Developer Zone Live!” area. Seats are limited so sign up now! While you’re there, you can also have a chat with some of NVIDIA’s top engineers in the Ask the Experts area, or see one of the amazing talks at our GPU Technology Theater.Make sure to come back to nvidia.qwiklab.com often because we add  new labs regularly, covering everything from introductory topics to advanced optimization techniques.  While the access time for each lab instance is limited, you are free to download the course material for offline review.Are you interested in using our system with cloud-based GPUs for your own education & training needs?  In addition to using our existing self-paced hands-on labs, you can create custom content for workshops held anywhere in the world. Contact cuda-cloud@nvidia.com for more information.