Facebook announced availability of PyTorch 1.0 preview release today at the PyTorch Developer Conference, an event for PyTorch Developer Community. 
PyTorch is one of the most widely used deep learning frameworks by researchers and developers. PyTorch 1.0, announced by Facebook earlier this year, is a deep learning framework that powers numerous products and services at scale by merging the best of both worlds – the distributed and native performance found in Caffe2 and the flexibility for rapid development found in the existing PyTorch framework. At a high level, PyTorch is a Python package that provides high level features such as tensor computation with strong GPU acceleration. The preview release of PyTorch 1.0 provides an initial set of tools enabling developers to migrate easily from research to production.

NVIDIA and Facebook both strive to bring innovation and flexibility to the deep learning developer community. In 2017, NVIDIA and Facebook jointly announced a collaboration that enabled developers and researchers to create large-scale distributed training scenarios to build machine learning based applications for edge devices. We are further investing in our engineering efforts and working together to empower and engage with the PyTorch developer community. 
Here are some of the highlighted collaborations: Some of the notable research projects from the growing list of PyTorch community collaboration work using NVIDIA’s powerful GPUs and deep learning software stack for AI include:
PyTorch is also used widely across HPC. Here are some notable projects in this space: We are enabling more experiences that matter the most to our developer community. Get notified on NVIDIA, Facebook and the larger PyTorch ecosystem is enabling the next generation of powerful AI use-cases, and more news to your inbox. Subscribe to our developer newsletter to get notified on the latest NVIDIA product updates. If you are a developer or researcher looking for technical resources on deep learning, check out NVIDIA Developer Program to get started today!Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment * Name * Email * Website  

