To best ensure the security and reliability of our RPM and Debian package repositories, NVIDIA is updating and rotating the signing keys used by the apt, dnf/yum, and zypper package managers beginning April 27, 2022. If you don’t update your repository signing keys, expect package management errors when attempting to access or install packages from CUDA repositories.To ensure continued access to the latest NVIDIA software, complete the following steps.Debian, Ubuntu, WSLFedora, RHEL, openSUSE, SLESFor Debian-based distributions, including Ubuntu, you must also install the new package or manually install the new signing key.To avoid the need for manual key installation steps, NVIDIA is providing a new helper package to automate the installation of new signing keys for NVIDIA repositories. Replace $distro/$arch in the following commands with values appropriate for your OS; for example:Debian, Ubuntu, WSLIf you can’t install the cuda-keyring package, you can install the new signing key manually (not the recommended method).Debian, Ubuntu, WSLOn a fresh installation, Fedora, RHEL, openSUSE, or SLES as dnf/yum/zypper prompt you to accept new keys when the repository signing key changes. Accept the change when prompted.Replace $distro/$arch in the following commands with values appropriate for your OS; for example:For upgrades on RPM-based distros including Fedora, RHEL, and SUSE, you must also run the following command.Fedora and RHEL 8RHEL 7openSUSE and SLESCUDA applications built using older NGC base containers may contain outdated repository keys. If you build Docker containers using these images as a base and update the package manager or install additional NVIDIA packages as part of your Dockerfile, these commands may fail as they would on a non-container system. To work around this, integrate the earlier commands into the Dockerfile you use to build the container.Existing containers in which the package manager is not used to install updates are not affected by this key rotation.If you are a current user of the GPU Operator on Ubuntu distributions, you may be affected by the rotation of the CUDA GPG keys, where some of the containers managed by the GPU Operator may fail to start with the following error:NVIDIA is publishing new images for the driver containers by overwriting existing image tags. You can work around this error by updating the existing clusterPolicy to pull new images:This step results in the GPU Operator pulling the updated images. New installations of the GPU Operator should be unaffected by this change and do not require any clusterPolicy updates. If you use the GPU Operator on RHEL or OpenShift, you are also not affected by this change.Here are some common errors that we’ve helped people with. If you see an error not listed here, please comment below.Solution: If you previously used add-apt-repository to enable the CUDA repository, then remove the duplicate entry.Also check for and remove cuda*.list files under the /etc/apt/sources.d/ directory.Solution: See “Duplicate .list entries” notice to install cuda-keyring package OR one of the manual enrollment methods for the 3bf863cc public key.Solution: Remove the NVIDIA machine learning repository entry, as it is no longer updated. Newer versions of cuDNN, NCCL, and TensorRT are available in the CUDA repository.Solution: Report CDN issue to NVIDIA.